The young people concern with the new job of
Stepping Up Their Young Living
They come to an old and convened building
The young people want to change
There is a tendency to break the 17th hour and try to break the iron chain called the Kidai,
but it will destroy the haiku and at the same time I will be standing outside the haiku.
Even though the 17th hour and the Kidai are protected,
there are many young people who try to spread the church and find new ways to the side.
It is also a good thing to some extent,
but it is easy to fall into the
I think that it is more likely to roll out the path of haiku deeper and deeper than that.
I think that the path to discover something that is not a new one, but a long-lasting new one,
is not a new one even if it is the same new one.
In that sense, I am saying that the truth is the truth,
that is, the deep is the new.
The haiku is a traditional culture.
As long as there is an extreme restriction called the 17th hour Kidai,
it is not something that can be done from the foundation.
It is an old pot.
However, as I just said,
I will try to explore as deeply as possible,
and I will try to find new things within those restrictions.
I will try to find new things that are buried in old pots.
New, new sake,
I am calling it the new one.